on the outside the 11-inch version of
the 2012 MacBook Air looks the same as
last year's model but what about on the
inside let's crack the case and find out
I'm Bill Detweiler and this is cracking
open the 11 inch air is Apple's smallest
lightest and lowest priced laptop and
while the company didn't make any big
design changes to the 2012 air ample did
make several significant hardware
improvements for starters Intel's
third-generation Ivy Bridge processors
now power the air a 1.7 gigahertz
dual-core core i5 processor comes
standard but our test machine had a 2
gigahertz core i7 the 2012 airs also
come with intel's HD Graphics 4000 a
step up from the older models HD
graphics 3000 system in addition to the
more powerful processor and graphics
apple also beefed up the RAM and
available storage the 2012 air can
support up to 8 gigs of RAM compared to
the 2011 s4 and the chips are also
faster 1600 megahertz compared to the
old models 1333 megahertz as for storage
the new air can be configured with up to
512 gigs which is twice the max capacity
of last year's version
rounding out the upgrades are a new 720p
FaceTime camera a pair of USB 3 ports
and Apple's new MagSafe 2 power
connector now despite all these Hardware
updates the 2011 and 2012 11 inch airs
have identical internal hardware layouts
there's a large battery to speakers on
either side a small IO board single
cooling fan and motherboard and just
like this year's 13-inch air the battery
is identical to last year's model so
what's not to like about the new 11 inch
air well nothing too serious
there's no SD card slot as there is on
the 13-inch air the base models 64 gig
SSD seems a bit small given the machines
900 and
$99 price tag and for those accustomed
to a standard laptop the machines 11
inch screen may take some getting used
to as is its larger sibling the 2012 11
inch air is a solid update to the line
just remember you can't upgrade it so
get all the RAM storage and processing
power you'll need when you buy it for
more information on the 2012 air
including performance and battery life
benchmark tests check out Scott Stein's
full CNET review and to see more
teardown photos and read my full
Hardware analysis go to TechRepublic
comm /tracking / I'm Bill Detweiler
thanks for watching